hey everybody what is up at it opto
tactics here AK big dick with some more
awesome advanced warfare gameplay for
you guys so I hope you guys enjoy this
game play in the background and taught
what I want to talk together what today
is basically a new video from the
gamestop but I talked I've done another
real about this but um if you guys
didn't know that was a gamestop thing
I've been with a like an hour of footage
just like that well this is another
video from that footage that was out
released today actually so I'm gonna put
this small put this out for you guys on
my explain it I want to briefly go over
what it's about before actually go
through with the video I'll put it out
broccoli video with you guys and I'll
actually show you what it is and stuff
but before I went on for almost like a
little like briefly explain what it's
about so what it is about is the the
killstreaks and their customizations and
it kind of goes a little more in depth
so we kind of Foley more understand the
I customizations and all the killstreaks
and like how you can add you know like
four extra score points feed you know
picking Burkhart be harder to get how
you can add more and more like stuff
towards your consortium which is really
cool it's really unique it's never been
ever in a call to d4 and they're just
adding in which they are you already
know they're already adding up so much
more in which is making this game look
really cool so I'll be has enjoyed this
video I put up here in a sec but before
I get into also want to say please guys
if you had massive tribe already please
subscribe guys at really house without
my channel and you subscribed or not
subscribe please give me a this video
like that really also is really
supportive and leave a comment on your
thoughts or anything else you want to
say in the comments section below
college will help up my videos as well
getting them out there on the you know
listings for popularity cuz comments
likes all that stuff n views obviously
goes towards that but I'm Nigerian
insidious so I'll get right here and
I'll talk to you guys about this video
so here's the video that Glen scope of
like talked about today and it was in
the game top event basically but it's
like I said before it's going over like
the score streaks or kill streaks on
what they call and you know more of
their customizations and right there was
really cool the like area bowl since
you're gonna has the noob tuber not need
to but the rocket launcher that you can
pick up your since your gun off it it's
just going through here briefly shown
you like
kill shakes and how cool and like how
more advanced and you know different
like layers they're putting into the
killstreaks and right here how like if
you're gonna kill shake a friend can
join in with you basically he goes
through here and talks about how you can
now have four kill streaks or with a
wild card or you can choose to have zero
scorestreak settle and you know put that
towards other things and here goes
towards and explains more putting you
know two more cash when it's not how or
like things towards a killstreak and you
know making a hearty at the points so
and here's another one he was like
through UAV he adds earn assist points
and then on the right you can do support
and then drug detection the middle so it
kind of like you know points out
HuffPost Eric's like that so I mean
obviously nicosia getting playing kind
of like shows an example of using this
course we've got three goes to it so
here's a couple more to this so the next
one he has I think is the orbital care
package and he talks about how like
they're bringing the care package back
which I enjoy person I like it but you
can do the double tap like when you had
hard luck hard hard line now we could
double tab like one you had if you had a
hard line but you can double tap square
or exiting it is for Xbox and you can
you know change your score streak early
fast and then you know they have better
odds and another thing in the rocket
turret basically you can add obviously
the the Rockets to with the cincher gun
or you know you can actually make it
where you can pick it up and walk around
with it and you know which is really
cool or you know you can set just in the
ground may go since you're gonna picks
out the targets itself so I mean there's
so much more and more dynamic stuff in
this game it's really making this game
really cool the next part is he goes to
the Goliath and he puts on a trophy so
like blocks any like incoming missiles
or grenades people or try to take it on
best with and you can also put on homing
missiles which all right there you see
it shoot out rocket guy which you know
pick him out fine and go after I'm
really quick what I mean you can still
dodging but it's gonna be pretty hard
and dodging me it's like you've got a
waterway fast but so I mean the all
these really cool kill streaks are
coming back in the game like a lot of
new kill shakes I mean most of these are
new kilchers never seen before making
this game really really cool and
hopefully you know the remake of next
call duty since called even dr.
so much hopefully it'll bring it all
back so other than that guys I hope you
guys in this video and I hope you guys
thought this information was helpful and
informative and that guys I'll see you
guys next time in big dick out